README.md, before:

# A curated list of the most interesting Podcasts: for those skeptical of podcasts

## General Knowledge 

|<u>[Stuff You Should Know](https://open.spotify.com/show/0ofXAdFIQQRsCYj9754UFx?si=pQZFl1RAT-iSKLiDkkVJFQ)</u>|
|-|
[Were Nazis Drug-Fueled Crankheads?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kxIYyj6VeSUav520RUTkK?si=g7ySFt3XSQCF4O3tSbWz6A)   
[The July 20th Plot to Assassinate Hitler](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5Hs38V8f74BbSJgRBK7muo?si=C7P2wqfXTpGGQfeKxqrioA)   
[What was the Tunguska event?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1kmA0djD4iSYsHiBCqyYke?si=Q19RuRw3QKuG1ZW7p8G_KA)   
[Is lethal injection humane?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5CBME5gvP296Unpgl6giRM?si=18yMnGoTShSodr5zuK7nmw)   
[Who is The Man of the Hole?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7zlTWeowEZGNyMza8oBBio?si=cAKHtMg6QFWFFsIE73J03g)   
[How Attila the Hun Worked](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3VdmpiM7vcv7WFG54cDXWp?si=QICfZHk4RjaiFAJMLXYhFA)   
[The Dyatlov Pass Mystery](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7IN0WiSLuF7JiKwrh3DRbS?si=qolfhHouT0Kb0lapo1nLmA)   
[The Max Headroom Incident](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2OPXtnicpVwpXBZjajbhSh?si=VWExoqE7SdaAY24j44F79w)   
[The Collar Bomb Heist](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2uP79hPdGV6GnOocPGd41t?si=JAO5HXd6SMWiNdLge043qQ)
[The Unabomber: Misguided to say the least](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7wiTFF3UnnwIdNLtOqzDZJ?si=Q8q8TaA1R4ChJrM4kDp0Vg)   
[The Manson Family Murders Part I](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0bQDQ1XX59OEZ4M0Rcu2hM?si=BxYXTe6HQ4OGDCUXxq-lBw)   
[The Manson Family Murders Part II](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2e3Edk5ez9ILl8K2vCpLT3?si=0l-088xoSv6CMuhaIHRuXA)   
[The Mystery of the Mary Celeste](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2MiIZojULHdFWSpRX8MuXM?si=9yjXGc9DS72wQLwv1q_27A)
[Who Committed the 1912 Villisca Ax Murders?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4QDj8IgeR5qN5Orsln6Bqk?si=yUTHxY8URiKrog6jMosdYw)   
[How The Hum Works](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3uPNaWN5b1J1swomaz7LTL?si=h9Gd709jTE6fJpbINPEGRQ)   
[What's with the Winchester Mystery House?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5P6iL0xsXnaKM8FCUo7UWO?si=Ic5hATHMTSincz16tZw8nQ)   
[How Condoms Work](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0Bky1ceUrg6POaIyJoPc5j?si=TcTqMmqnQ7CLVtGgrDrg5A)   
[The Baffling Case of the Body On Somerton Beach](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3K5bgTvxx0GNRFcuKN6niS?si=63PNzCmtQLKduOAvFHfIzw)

---
|[<u>The End Of The World with Josh Clark</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/7sh9DwBEdUngxq1BefmnZ0?si=07Bjf7OsT-OFIVtf-jgz7g)|
|-|
|Just listen to the whole thing they're all good.|

---
|[<u>Crazy/Genius</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/46iJKYSBSvS0pCjp0wLHIG?si=6MBANsANTCGfxKakGOCw7Q)|
|-|
[Should We Break Up Amazon](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7mh3QcPKYMptVTdjYXdw5V?si=ExDmWp9WTyiLreC_dg2GLA)   
[What Is Pornography Doing to Our Sex Lives](https://open.spotify.com/episode/004xLRUb1S6cMYuBYzkzhf?si=dn-0hi_iQROKYp41qUDfdg)
[How Will Self-Driving Cars Change the World](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1jSeLD873G98mpuYpJCFiq?si=z7Xfc89bSY-X8jpPtkNaug)
[Should We Be Afraid of AI in the Criminal Justice System?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4k4PDdt9nUt17Xb1oSlLmx?si=cw83QNUURwevy198ZrmBdg)

---
|[<u>Planet Money</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/4FYpq3lSeQMAhqNI81O0Cn?si=rtA-6fEtS_CKjsJqIHr1Eg)|   
|-|   
[Stuck In China's Panopticon](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3BzWZfrIThG6OYj7qF9CUS?si=SXVZegSQSw-5zTd3VuGuOA)
[Why The Price of Coke Didn't Change For 70 years](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4Uxu6nO4AuSgKJqvTrdQdH?si=ZMtJh1aGQX2Cr42yXlr0hw)
[Dollar Stores Vs Lettuce](https://open.spotify.com/episode/14Tggygat2LeW5GBkpKIVU?si=13nuYFKbTk2XkOjFgx9jYQ)
[Bad Cops Are Expensive](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2bGBSIoXuUse1bAsudZoXB?si=4HDkO4bBRDKPQ3LhJpS38w)
[The Seattle Experiment](https://open.spotify.com/episode/44UxVn3qvPvuxmnLJdNXmJ?si=jUI0l2bmSSOElzwDQi0wxw)

|[<u>Broken Harts</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/5t9b3xXCI8dM2R2R2MuduE?si=fBYIiAyvSP-P65lWu-0unQ)|
|-|
Exploration of the Hart Family Tragedy and the failings of the adoption system.

---
## Sports

Commit message:

divided into subsections; added politics sports and true crime

README.md, after:

# A curated list of the most interesting Podcasts: for those skeptical of podcasts

## General Knowledge Podcasts

|<u>[Stuff You Should Know](https://open.spotify.com/show/0ofXAdFIQQRsCYj9754UFx?si=pQZFl1RAT-iSKLiDkkVJFQ)</u>|
|-|
[Were Nazis Drug-Fueled Crankheads?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5kxIYyj6VeSUav520RUTkK?si=g7ySFt3XSQCF4O3tSbWz6A)   
[The July 20th Plot to Assassinate Hitler](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5Hs38V8f74BbSJgRBK7muo?si=C7P2wqfXTpGGQfeKxqrioA)   
[What was the Tunguska event?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1kmA0djD4iSYsHiBCqyYke?si=Q19RuRw3QKuG1ZW7p8G_KA)   
[Is lethal injection humane?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5CBME5gvP296Unpgl6giRM?si=18yMnGoTShSodr5zuK7nmw)   
[Who is The Man of the Hole?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7zlTWeowEZGNyMza8oBBio?si=cAKHtMg6QFWFFsIE73J03g)   
[How Attila the Hun Worked](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3VdmpiM7vcv7WFG54cDXWp?si=QICfZHk4RjaiFAJMLXYhFA)   
[The Dyatlov Pass Mystery](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7IN0WiSLuF7JiKwrh3DRbS?si=qolfhHouT0Kb0lapo1nLmA)   
[The Max Headroom Incident](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2OPXtnicpVwpXBZjajbhSh?si=VWExoqE7SdaAY24j44F79w)   
[The Collar Bomb Heist](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2uP79hPdGV6GnOocPGd41t?si=JAO5HXd6SMWiNdLge043qQ)
[The Unabomber: Misguided to say the least](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7wiTFF3UnnwIdNLtOqzDZJ?si=Q8q8TaA1R4ChJrM4kDp0Vg)   
[The Manson Family Murders Part I](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0bQDQ1XX59OEZ4M0Rcu2hM?si=BxYXTe6HQ4OGDCUXxq-lBw)   
[The Manson Family Murders Part II](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2e3Edk5ez9ILl8K2vCpLT3?si=0l-088xoSv6CMuhaIHRuXA)   
[The Mystery of the Mary Celeste](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2MiIZojULHdFWSpRX8MuXM?si=9yjXGc9DS72wQLwv1q_27A)
[Who Committed the 1912 Villisca Ax Murders?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4QDj8IgeR5qN5Orsln6Bqk?si=yUTHxY8URiKrog6jMosdYw)   
[How The Hum Works](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3uPNaWN5b1J1swomaz7LTL?si=h9Gd709jTE6fJpbINPEGRQ)   
[What's with the Winchester Mystery House?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5P6iL0xsXnaKM8FCUo7UWO?si=Ic5hATHMTSincz16tZw8nQ)   
[How Condoms Work](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0Bky1ceUrg6POaIyJoPc5j?si=TcTqMmqnQ7CLVtGgrDrg5A)   
[The Baffling Case of the Body On Somerton Beach](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3K5bgTvxx0GNRFcuKN6niS?si=63PNzCmtQLKduOAvFHfIzw)


|[<u>The End Of The World with Josh Clark</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/7sh9DwBEdUngxq1BefmnZ0?si=07Bjf7OsT-OFIVtf-jgz7g)|
|-|
|Just listen to the whole thing they're all good.|


|[<u>Crazy/Genius</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/46iJKYSBSvS0pCjp0wLHIG?si=6MBANsANTCGfxKakGOCw7Q)|
|-|
[Should We Break Up Amazon](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7mh3QcPKYMptVTdjYXdw5V?si=ExDmWp9WTyiLreC_dg2GLA)   
[What Is Pornography Doing to Our Sex Lives](https://open.spotify.com/episode/004xLRUb1S6cMYuBYzkzhf?si=dn-0hi_iQROKYp41qUDfdg)
[How Will Self-Driving Cars Change the World](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1jSeLD873G98mpuYpJCFiq?si=z7Xfc89bSY-X8jpPtkNaug)
[Should We Be Afraid of AI in the Criminal Justice System?](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4k4PDdt9nUt17Xb1oSlLmx?si=cw83QNUURwevy198ZrmBdg)


|[<u>Planet Money</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/4FYpq3lSeQMAhqNI81O0Cn?si=rtA-6fEtS_CKjsJqIHr1Eg)|   
|-|   
[Stuck In China's Panopticon](https://open.spotify.com/episode/3BzWZfrIThG6OYj7qF9CUS?si=SXVZegSQSw-5zTd3VuGuOA)
[Why The Price of Coke Didn't Change For 70 years](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4Uxu6nO4AuSgKJqvTrdQdH?si=ZMtJh1aGQX2Cr42yXlr0hw)
[Dollar Stores Vs Lettuce](https://open.spotify.com/episode/14Tggygat2LeW5GBkpKIVU?si=13nuYFKbTk2XkOjFgx9jYQ)
[Bad Cops Are Expensive](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2bGBSIoXuUse1bAsudZoXB?si=4HDkO4bBRDKPQ3LhJpS38w)
[The Seattle Experiment](https://open.spotify.com/episode/44UxVn3qvPvuxmnLJdNXmJ?si=jUI0l2bmSSOElzwDQi0wxw)

---
# Thematic Podcasts
These podcasts are more thematic than the above: each week's content is less subject to change than the general knowledge podcasts. Thus, I am just going to attach the 'ABOUT' section from spotify.

---
## Political Podcasts
| [FiveThirtyEight Politics](https://open.spotify.com/show/3C0iP88KSoGZk5KNWmuyF1?si=T4Uos0N9Q1avOBWjgkemRw) |
|-|
'Nate Silver and the FiveThirtyEight team cover the latest in politics, tracking the issues and "game-changers" every week.'


---
## Sports Podcasts

| [Hot Takedown](https://open.spotify.com/show/08dOnBbIivij3aWDZS3uwW?si=ZHFLgwsZSAikGcmdivsUUQ) |
| - |
'Hot Takedown is the weekly sports podcast from FiveThirtyEight. On it, the crew uses numbers to dissect the week in sports, taking down some silly hot takes in the process.'


---
## True Crime Podcasts

|[<u>Broken Harts</u>](https://open.spotify.com/show/5t9b3xXCI8dM2R2R2MuduE?si=fBYIiAyvSP-P65lWu-0unQ)|
|-|
Exploration of the Hart Family Tragedy and the failings of the adoption system.
